feat: Implement PubSub Deadletter & Single/Multi Routing (#342)
dapr/js-sdk: daprdocs/content/en/js-sdk-docs/js-client/_index.md

});
```

#### Subscribe to messages

Subscribing to messages can be done in several ways to offer flexibility of receiving messages on your topics:

> * Direct subscribtion through the `subscribe` method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Direct subscription through the `subscribe` method
```

> For a full list of state operations visit [How-To: Publish & subscribe]({{< ref howto-publish-subscribe.md >}}).

##### Subscribe to messages with DeadLetter support

As per https://docs.dapr.io/developing-applications/building-blocks/pubsub/pubsub-deadletter/ Dapr supports deadletter messages. This means that when a message fails to be processed, it gets sent to a deadletter portion of the queue. E.g., when a message fails to be handled on `/my-queue` it will be sent to `/my-queue-failed`.

> DeadLetter topics are unique and can be shared by multiple subscribe fails. This means that if you have `subscribe("my-pubsub-1", cb, "deadletter-1")` and `subscribe("my-pubsub-2", cb, "deadletter-1")` both the first and the second subscribe methods will send the message to `deadletter-1` if it fails.

Author: I would at least introduce and reference :)

  const topic = "topic-a";

  // Configure Subscriber for a Topic
  // Method 1: Direct subscribtion through the `subscribe` method

>   await server.pubsub.subscribe(pubSubName, topic, async (data: any) => console.log(`Received Data: ${JSON.stringify(data)}`));

Reviewer: Example might be easier to read if we move all three callbacks to a separate named method and pass it here. They have the same signature and functionality.

  // Method 2: Direct susbcription with options through the `subscribeWithOptions` method
  await server.pubsub.subscribeWithOptions(pubSubName, topic, { 

>     callback: async (data: any) => console.log(`Received Data: ${JSON.stringify(data)}`) 

Reviewer: Should we add all supported options here?

Author: I wouldn't as this creates too much overhead

Reviewer: Is there a reference for all supported options though? Or they need to check the code?

  });

  // Method 3: Subscription afterwards through the `susbcribeOnEvent` method

>   await server.pubsub.subscribeWithOptions('pubsub-redis', 'topic-options-1', {});

Reviewer: nit: Shall we add pubSubName/Topic to variable or use the existing one?

Author: I would keep it as this

>   server.pubsub.subscribeOnEvent("pubsub-redis", "topic-options-1", "default", async (data) => { console.log(`Received Data: ${JSON.stringify(data)}`) });

Reviewer: How do you feel about `subscribeToRoute`, since it takes route as the special parameter? We can also show here the two types of route it can take.

Reviewer: Also a note on the `default` naming here?

  // Start the server
  await server.start();
}
```

> For a full list of state operations visit [How-To: Publish & subscribe]({{< ref howto-publish-subscribe.md >}}).

#### Subscribe to messages rule based

Dapr [supports routing messages](https://docs.dapr.io/developing-applications/building-blocks/pubsub/howto-route-messages/
) to different handlers (routes) based on rules. 

> > E.g., think of that you are writing an application that needs to handle messages depending on their "type" with Dapr you can then route it to `handlerType1` and `handlerType2` with a default being `handlerDefault`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> E.g., you are writing an application that needs to handle messages depending on their "type" with Dapr, you can send them to different routes `handlerType1` and `handlerType2` with the default route being `handlerDefault`
```

Reviewer: We can also use the same routes here as the example below, i.e.`type-1`, `type-2`, and `default`.

```javascript
import { DaprServer } from "@dapr/dapr";

const daprHost = "127.0.0.1"; // Dapr Sidecar Host
const daprPort = "3500"; // Dapr Sidecar Port of this Example Server
const serverHost = "127.0.0.1"; // App Host of this Example Server
const serverPort = "50051"; // App Port of this Example Server "

async function start() {
  const server = new DaprServer(serverHost, serverPort, daprHost, daprPort);

  const pubSubName = "my-pubsub-name";
  const topic = "topic-a";

  // Configure Subscriber for a Topic with rule set
  await server.pubsub.subscribe('pubsub-redis', 'topic-1', {

>     default: "/default",

Reviewer: What is the default value for `default` and `rules.match` parameters? We can document that.

Author: It is a non required parameter but I have added it as a note

    rules: [
      {
        match: `event.type == "my-type-1"`,
        path: "/type-1"
      },
      {
        match: `event.type == "my-type-2"`,
        path: "/type-2"
      }
    ]
  });

  // Add handlers for each route
  server.pubsub.subscribeOnEvent("pubsub-redis", "topic-1", "default", async (data) => { console.log(`Handling Default`) });
  server.pubsub.subscribeOnEvent("pubsub-redis", "topic-1", "type-1", async (data) => { console.log(`Handling Type 1`) });
  server.pubsub.subscribeOnEvent("pubsub-redis", "topic-1", "type-2", async (data) => { console.log(`Handling Type 2`) });

  // Start the server
  await server.start();
}
```

> #### DeadLetter support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Dead Letter Topics
```

> As per https://docs.dapr.io/developing-applications/building-blocks/pubsub/pubsub-deadletter/ Dapr supports deadletter messages. This means that when a message fails to be processed, it gets sent to a deadletter portion of the queue. E.g., when a message fails to be handled on `/my-queue` it will be sent to `/my-queue-failed`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As per https://docs.dapr.io/developing-applications/building-blocks/pubsub/pubsub-deadletter/ Dapr supports deadletter messages. This means that when a message fails to be processed, it gets sent to a deadletter portion of the queue. E.g., when a message fails to be handled on `/my-queue` it will be sent to `/my-queue-failed`.
```
```suggestion
Dapr supports [dead letter topic](https://docs.dapr.io/developing-applications/building-blocks/pubsub/pubsub-deadletter/). This means that when a message fails to be processed, it gets sent to a deadletter portion of the queue. E.g., when a message fails to be handled on `/my-queue` it will be sent to `/my-queue-failed`.
```

> In the Javascript SDK we implement this through the `subscribeWithOptions` call that allows you to specify options to the subscribe method. For deadletter, we offer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the following options with `subscribeWithOptions` method:
```
